Docs (#65603)
vercel/next.js: docs/02-app/01-building-your-application/01-routing/13-route-handlers.mdx

}
```

### Special Route Handlers

> Special Route Handlers like [`sitemap.ts`](/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/metadata/sitemap), [`opengraph-image.tsx`](/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/metadata/opengraph-image), and [`icon.tsx`](/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/metadata/app-icons) are static by default unless they use dynamic functions or dynamic config options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Special Route Handlers like [`sitemap.ts`](/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/metadata/sitemap), [`opengraph-image.tsx`](/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/metadata/opengraph-image), and [`icon.tsx`](/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/metadata/app-icons), and other [metadata files](/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/metadata) remain static by default unless they use dynamic functions or dynamic config options.
```
